8

City and County of Denver

‘OFFICE OF THE MEDICAL EXAMINER
'500 Quivas Si, Denver, Cola 80208
‘TEL: (720) 587-7600 FAK: (720) 357-7700

James. Cas, Mo. ern A Frank MLD.
‘Get tusscal exon ‘sion aes Esai

‘AUTOPSY REPORT

Name of Decedent: [REDACTED] MEH: 2020-1949
Date and Time of Death: MAY 1, 2020; 2255 HOURS Age: 21 YEARS
Date and Time of Autopsy: MAY 2, 2020; 0845 HOURS Sex: MALE

ANATOMIC DIAGNOSES

I, Gunshot Wound to the Chest

A. Entrance: Right upper chest; no soot deposition or gunpowder
stippling on the surrounding skin

B. Wound Path: Skin, subcutaneous tissue, and muscle of the right
chest; right lung? superior vena cava and aorta; left lung;
Posterior left 5% rib; and the muscle, subcutaneous tissue, and
skin of the back

C. Exit: Left upper back; no projectile or projectile fragments
recovered

D. Associated Injuries: Bilateral hemothor
‘the wound path

E. Trajectory: Right to left, front to back, and downward

x, hemorrhage along

IZ. Gunshot Wound to the Left Thigh

A. Entrance: Lateral left thighs no soot deposition or gunpowder
stippling on the surrounding skin

B. Wound Path: Skin, subcutaneous tissue, and muscle of the left
thigh, soft tissue of the left pubic area

C. Recovered: Projectile recovered from the subcutaneous tissue
of the pubic area

D. Associated Injuries: Hemorrhage along the wound path

E. Trajectory: Left to right, slightly back to front, and upward


AUTOPSY REPORT 2

[REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

III, Minor cutaneous blunt force injuries of the face and knees

IV. No evidence of significant natural disease processes

V. Toxicology is positive for ethanol and cannabinoids in postmorten

peripheral blood

‘ToxIcoLocy

REFERENCE LABORATORY: National Medical Services, Inc.

Horsham, PA
Basic postmortem blood panel result.
Compound Result

Ethanol 28
Blood Alcohol Concentration 0.028

Li-Hydroxy Delta-9 THC 1.9
Delta-9 Carboxy THC 4
Delta-9 THC 8.5

units
g/dl
9/100mL,
ng/mL
ng/ml
ng/mt

Matrix Source
001 - Femoral

001
001
001
001

Fenoral
Femoral
Femoral
Femoral

Blood
Blood
Blood
Blood
Blood

Other than as noted above, examination of the specimen(s) submitted
did not reveal any positive findings of toxicological significance.


AUTOPSY REPORT “3 [REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

This 21-year-old male, [REDACTED], died as a result of a gunshot
wound of the chest that injured both lungs, the aorta, and the
superior vena cava. The autopsy revealed a perforating wound path
through the chest with a front-to-back and right-to-left trajectory.
An additional gunshot wound to the left thigh injured only soft
tissue and had predominantly left-to-right trajectory. Neither
entrance wound exhibited evidence of close-range discharge of a
firearm. One projectile was recovered and turned over to crime
laboratory personnel. No evidence of significant natural disease
Processes was present. There were minor cutaneous blunt force
injuries of the face and both knees that likely were the result of
terminal collapse. Toxicological testing was positive for ethanol
and cannabinoids in postmortem peripheral blood. With the
information available to me at this time, the manner of death, in ny

opinion, is honicide.

3 L. Caruso, M.D. 6/12/2020
ef Medical Examiner/¢oroner

gue: §/10/2020


AUTOPSY REPORT

[REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

(CIRCUMSTANCES OF DEAT!
The decedent is a 21-year-old (DOB: 9/12/1998) male who was in an
altercation with law enforcement personnel when he sustained gunshot
wounds. The decedent was transported to a local hospital where
resuscitation efforts were unsuccessful.

IDENTIFICATION:
The body is identified by comparison between antenortem and
postmortem fingerprints.

CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE POSTMORTEM EXAMINATION:
‘An autopsy on the body of [REDACTED] is performed at the Denver
Office of the Medical Examiner beginning at 8:45 AM on May 2, 2020.
Conor McGuinn is assisting.

CLOTHING AND PERSONAL EFFECTS

The body is received in an unsealed body bag, unclad, and wrapped in
a white hospital sheet and a blue hospital sheet. There is a yellow
metal piercing in the nasal septum. No other personal effects
accompany the body.

EVIDENCE OF MEDICAL INTERVENTION

Medical intervention on the body at the time of the examination
includes endotracheal intubation, an intraosseous catheter in the
lateral right arm, a vascular access device in the right subclavian
area, a1 “-inch chest tube incision on the right, and an 11-inch
sutured thoracotomy incision on the left.There is an abrasion with
superficial laceration in the left axilla that is associated with the
thoracotomy incision. The pericardial sac is surgically open.

EXTERNAL EXAMINATION

‘The unembalmed body is that of an adult male with a weight of
151-pounds and a body length of 69 winches. Rigor mortis is present
and equal throughout. Livor mortis is posterior and fixed, except in
areas exposed to pressure. The body temperature is that of the
refrigeration unit.


AUTOPSY REPORT

[REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

‘The scalp hair is black in color, curly, short, and is distributed
normally, The irides appear to be brown and the sclerae are clear.
No petechial hemorrhages are noted. The teeth are natural and in
good condition. Both earlobes are pierced twice. The nasal septum
is pierced. Facial hair consists of a short black beard and
mustache, Injuries of the face will be described. There is no
evidence of significant external injury to the neck.

The torso is normally developed and symmetrical. The abdomen is
scaphoid. The external genitalia are those of a normal, circumcised
adult male, with both testes descended into the scrotum. Injuries of
the torso will be described. There is no external evidence of
significant recent trauma to the urogenital area.

Paper bags on both hands are removed for the examination. The upper
extremities are normally developed, synmetrical, and without edema.
The lower extremities are normally developed, symmetrical, and
without edema. An injury to the left lower extremity will be
described. A hospital identification band is on the right wrist.

‘The posterior aspects of the torso have an injury that will be
described. The anus is unremarkable.

Tattoos are on the left upper chest, the lower left abdomen, and the
left wrist. Irregular scarring is on the anterior aspect of both
legs. No large scars or other significant identifying body marks are
noted.

EVIDENCE OF INJURY

Gunshot Wound to the che:
There is an entrance gunshot wound on the right upper chest, situated
approximately 13 4-inches below the top of the head and 2 4-inches
right of the anterior midline. The 3/16-inch skin defect has a
3/16-inch eccentric marginal abrasion between 7 and 11 ofclock.

There is no soot deposition or gunpowder stippling on the skin
surrounding the entrance wound. The wound path goes through the
skin, subcutaneous tissue, and muscle of the chest, entering the
right pleural cavity through the sternum at the junction with the
right 1" rib, perforates the upper lobe of the right lung as well as
the arch of the aorta and the superior vena cava, perforates the
upper and lower lobes of the left lung, and exits the left pleural
cavity through the posterior aspect of the left 5% rib (with


AUTOPSY REPORT -6- [REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

fracture). The path then continues through the muscle, subcutaneous
tissue, and skin of the back to a corresponding M-inch irregular
laceration exit wound, situated approximately 15 %-inches below the
top of the head and 3 3/16-inches left of the posterior midline. No
projectile or projectile fragments are recovered along the wound
path. Associated injuries include approximately 1000-mL of blood in
the right pleural cavity, approximately 50-mL of blood in the left
pleural cavity (after surgical intervention), and hemorrhage along
the wound path, ‘The trajectory of the wound path is right to left,
front to back, and downward.

Gunshot Wound to the Left Thigh
There is an entrance gunshot wound on the lateral left thigh,

situated approximately 35 t-inches above the bottom of the left foot
and 2 Winches lateral to the anterior midline of the left lower
extremity. The 3/16-inch skin defect has a 3/16-inch eccentric
marginal abrasion between 5 and 7 o’clock. There is no soot
deposition or gunpowder stippling on the skin surrounding the
entrance wound. The wound path goes through the skin, subcutaneous
tissue, and muscle of the left thigh and continues through the soft
tissue of the left pubic area. A projectile is recovered within the
subcutaneous tissue of the pubic area at approximately 31 7/8-inches
below the top of the head and H-inch left of the anterior midline of
the body. Associated injuries include hemorrhage along the wound
path. The trajectory of the wound path is left to right, slightly
back to front, and upward with the body in anatomic position.

Other Injurii

There is a 1 4 x %cinch irregular abrasion involving the bridge of
the nose and the left side of the nose. A3% x1 Heinch irregular
abrasion is on the mid and left forehead. There is a 1% x 4-inch
abrasion on the left side of the face.

A% x teinch abrasion is on the right knee. There is a 4 x 4-inch
‘abrasion on the left knee. A few small abrasions with a postmortem
appearance are on the left wrist.

INTERNAL EXAMINATION
GENERAL DESCRIPTION:

‘The body is opened by a standard Y-shaped thoracoabdominal incision.
All viscera occupy their appropriate anatomic relationships.


AUTOPSY REPORT

[REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

Visceral surfaces are smooth and only remarkable for the previously
described injuries. There is no abnormal fluid accumulation in the
peritoneal cavity.

CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM:

‘The 270-gram heart occupies its usual mediastinal site. The
epicardial surfaces are smooth. All major vessels arise in their
appropriate anatomic relationships. The coronary arteries arise
normally and are distributed in a right dominant pattern with no
luminal narrowing by atherosclerosis. The myocardium is red-brown
and firm, Ventricular thicknesses are left 1.5-cm, right 0.4-cm, and
1,5-om in the interventricular septum. The valve circumferences are
appropriate to the caliber of the cardiac chambers. The valve cusps
and surfaces are free of fusion or vegetations. The aorta arises
normally, with all major arterial branches arising in their
appropriate anatomic relationship. The intimal surfaces of the aorta
are without aneurysm formation or dissection. An injury of the aorta
has been described previously. No atherosclerotic changes are
present. Other than the previously described injury to the superior
vena cava, no systemic venous abnormalities are noted.

RESPIRATORY SYSTEM

‘The right lung weighs 230-grams and the left lung weighs 280-grams.
‘The upper and lower airways are patent and of normal caliber. The
pleural surfaces exhibit the previously described injuries and mild
anthracotic pigment deposition. Both lungs are hypoinflated. The
parenchyma is minimally congested, red-purple in color, and exudes a
small amount of blood and fluid on sectioning. There are no areas of
consolidation or scarring. The pulmonary vessels are patent and of
normal caliber.

DIGESTIVE/HEPATOBILIARY SYSTEM:

‘The tongue is uninjured. The esophagus is of normal caliber with a
smooth mucosal lining. The gastroesophageal junction is distinct and
unremarkable. The stomach has intact mucosal surfaces and the lumen
contains approximately 350-mL of tan fluid. No pills or pill
fragments are noted. No areas of ulceration or scarring are present
in the gastric mucosa, The small and large intestines are
unremarkable. The appendix is present. The lobular, tan pancreas
has a normal but pale appearance. ‘There are no areas of necrosis,
gross hemorrhage, or space-occupying lesions. The pancreatic ducts


AUTOPSY REPORT

[REDACTED]
2020-1943-26

are patent and of normal caliber. The 1850-gram liver has an intact

capsule covering pale, red-tan parenchyma. No localizing masses or
other lesions are evident on external or cut surfaces. The
intrahepatic and extrahepatic ducts are patent and of normal caliber.
‘The gallbladder contains a trace amount of dark green bile and no
stones.

GENITOURINARY SYSTEM:

‘The right kidney weighs 140-grams and the left kidney weighs
160-grams. The capsules strip without difficulty and the cortical
surfaces are smooth and pale. The cortices are delineated from the
medullae, The renal vessels are patent. The urinary bladder
contains approximately 100-mL of urine. The mucosa is unremarkable.
‘The prostate gland is normal appearing on sectioning. The testes are
free of trauma or significant natural disease processes.

HEMATOPOIETIC SYSTEM:
‘The 80-gram spleen has a smooth, intact capsule. The parenchyma is
red-purple in color and uniform in consistency. The regional lymph
nodes are grossly unremarkable.

ENDOCRINE SYSTEI

‘The adrenal and pituitary glands are unremarkable. The thyroid gland
is unremarkable externally and sectioning shows an absence of
lesions.

NEC

‘There is no hemorrhage into the strap muscles of the anterior neck.
‘The thyroid cartilage and hyoid bone are intact. The cervical spine
is free of injury. The upper airway is patent.

MUSCULOSKELETAL SYSTE!
Major muscle groups demonstrate no atrophic changes and are
symmetrical in development. The exposed axial and appendicular
skeleton are unremarkable.

NERVOUS SYSTEM:


AUTOPSY REPORT -

[REDACTED]
2020-1949-26

the scalp is reflected in the usual manner revealing an absence of
hemorrhage. The brain weighs 1240-grams and is externally

unremarkable. It is symmetrical and has the usual anatomic
landmarks. The blood vessels at the base of the brain are intact and
free of atherosclerosis. Multiple coronal sections of cerebrum,
cerebellum, and brainstem reveal an absence of significant natural
disease processes.

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION
Representative sections of major organs are retained in formalin
without the preparation of glass slides.

ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES
Photographic and radiographic images and fingerprints are obtained at
the time of the autopsy. Pulled head hair is retained as a DNA
‘exemplary due to likely blood transfusion.

Law enforcement and crime laboratory personnel are present for the
external portion of the autopsy.

one projectile is recovered and turned over to the crime laboratory,
along with any collected trace evidence

SPECIMENS
TOXICOLOGY: Samples of postmortem peripheral blood are forwarded to

the laboratory for analysis. Samples of postmortem peripheral blood,
urine, and vitreous fluid are collected and retained.

STOCK: Samples of organs are collected and retained in formalin.

END OF REPORT-


