REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
e402 ova 027) State of Connecticut

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER
11 Shute Road, Farmington, Connect 06032

connsee
ETT Te
[omnes fe =i Bm Chemie
DECEASED |[astResidencernio Sueemy Town ate
ea eos enor
ey Fae eager caaaaeens, _ [ama E
—— er
eh aor
Peet
or ira Seane [Departure From path Proncanced By
(Same moe see
freceaoau[rm-ragn [par vounoe tm 70
Ee aan te sac
Sy
loncumetaNtes oF box

The fowing cumstances were gatered tom police personel as wel a8 personal cbseraon The decedent was oghaly
ested nae Underitfed and ator was Genta by herr,

ie decadent was a3 year ld male wih ais of dug use whe had actve waa een acy. The decedent was
reenty winessed waving «gun acund. Tis was what what prompted the os recent wart se hereto soe aa
Poles. The decedent has along hoof voit tanaores and was esanged am hs fly. He as ha ects et
or aesaut, burjares, races, and possess of mechs gure

fh decedent waste erivr ofa Nisan Masna repstere toa female wth he same lastname. He hed a patsenee and hey
nad been siecuasing he decedent having lst alt of wel ar oman was ado tate desoset ny have ese
Snes bo AIDS"

The Hato! Police Sest Comes Unit was stemoting to stop the decadent vec t Capital Avenue and Park Stout he
[etc ed onc te 84 westbound amp. The vice suck several er vhisesaterptn to saeaee afore wee,
|onstructon veils on the amp At that poi the cr was topes. Pan cts ofa approach he vio i it
stop sts under te ont ofthe car. The car mas stern ts ackey back nd fath og omy Once te oe ppd He
passenger got outa surrendered The carhada fat fot we,

he docesent exes! he vice and lunged towards Haro Potce Olea ating to gan one ofthe offer weapons.
he decesent was ahven verbal commands by the cars; te decoder aed eco Thedeceset wes alogeay stuns
steno pnt wih ren thal action, ut he was abot gai conta of ne of he fers guns He sleceay soe hake ce
gain cases ois gun, The ofc mado the tera aware that he decacen had hs gus Anohc ofc eda meee nt

Per the passencerin he car, th decedent sai" am ead oi, ready toc as he was geting cut of te ca,

Page 1 of 2


ME CASE NO.

he decadent was supine onthe ground near the ca and ba was hand afar ne was shot A bl was nar his body
Thee shel casings were noted Paces obs ace wor nearby 2 wel

[an emsty tote of scohl ans leaded handgun wee on the verse oor.
Petearephs were taken and the body was anspor o OCME by OCME personnal

EXTERNAL al Lo
JEXAMINATION] Roadway, Inersato Bt West (On Ramp) Near Capital Avenue, Haro, castes ryote

|The deossentis a black male sppearing his stated age of 4 years. He has hack ha, brown eyes, and natural tet. Hee
wearing a sti. pants, unerwea:, socks ard hoes Taos arenas on ha chest cd amass save rear ee
Jove aswel. Ho has sea on ie oso stack

Keys fora ferent car and change are removed rom the decedent packet. Cigretes, a ced card and 2 hats are ner he
[sececent

[Th decent smal strongly shel

nutes are nots othe decadent lt ea, contr foreas. and 2 on he back this head at erent ocatos one more
ceria and oe to th eh. Abrsions ae ited en the back ofthe dececents hac ans on Rs et erebeonn seo

|Ssniicant defo are notes ote decadent ace and sk Consens are noe on his ayes. His tet pear damaged
Porisctiout to break na muscle and wor tanchate wih moderate force,

| certiy that made an external examination of th deceased onthe date shown,

CERTIFICATION] bacaeeca

ee ee ee ee

COUNTY OF HaREORD.
STATE OF CONNECTICUT

HUE COPY QFE
Te

88: at Forming
gtconn/?

carelO/Zy

Office of the Chief Medical Examiner

1 Ste ast amigo Css
agp MLE. CASE [REDACTED]

5, Lf STATE OF CONNECTICUT

Date of Death: 07/26/2019 Time of Death: 09:27 P.M.
County of Death: Hartford City of Death: Hartford
Autopsy Performed By: Gregory A. Vincent, M.D. Autopsy Date: 07/28/2019
FINAL DIAGNOSES
1. Gunshot Wounds of Head (3)

‘A. Comminuted Skull Fractures
BB. Perforation and Penetration of Brain
C. Projectile Fragments Recovered

TL Blunt Injuries of Torso
‘A. Cutaneous Contusions and Abrasions

1. Blunt Injuries of Extremities
‘A. Cutaneous Contusions and Abrasions

IV. Hypertensive and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease
‘A. Cardiac Hypertrophy (460 gm, Slight)
B. Left Ventricular Hypertrophy, Slight (1.5 em)
C. Coronary Artery Atherosclerosis, Slight
D. Aortic Atherosclerosis, Slight

‘CAUSE OF DEATH: GUNSHOT WOUNDS OF HEAD (3)
‘MANNER OF DEATH: HOMICIDE (SHOT BY POLICE)

POST MORTEM REPORT Page 10f7

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner

eine eres nea
a Cn vinci Sper again
fintont oF Autodst

Thereby certify that |, Gregory A. Vincent, M.D., Associate Medical Examiner, have performed
‘an autopsy on the bod) of [REDACTED] on the 28 of July, 2019, commencing at 10:00
A.M in the mortuary of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner of the State of Connecticut
This autopsy was performed in the presence of Dr. Nunez and attended by Detectives Bennett
and DiCocco of the Eastern District Major Crime Division of the Connecticut State Police,

EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:

‘The body is received in the supine position in a white plastic body bag. The body is of a well-
developed, well-nourished, average framed, S'9", 163 Ib ightly-pigmented Hispanic man (Body
Mass Index: 24.1) whose appearance is consistent withthe given age of 41 years, The straight
black scalp hair measures up to approximately %", The mustache and beard measure upto 4"
and 1", respectively. The nose and facial bones are palpably intact. The eyes have brown irides
and the conjunctivae are without jaundice. The oral cavity has natural dentition with moderate
hygiene. The chest and back are unremarkable, The abdomen is soft and flat. ‘The external
‘genitalia are of a normal circumcised adult man. The anus is unremarkable. The extremities are
‘normally developed, There is a 4" x 1-¥"imegular hyperpigmented scar of the left forehead and
side ofthe head, There isa 10" x 8" iregular hyperpigmented scar of the left chest extending
‘nto the abdomen. There isa 1" x " hypopigmented, well-healed scar of the right back, a1
x4" hyperpigmented mark ofthe lower left back, a2" x 4" hypopigmented, well-healed scar of
the dorsal right forearm, a 3-/" x %" hypopigmented, well-healed sear of the dorsal right
forearm, a" x 4" hypopigmented, well-healed scar ofthe dorsal left hand atthe base of the left
fith finger, and a %" x " hypopigmented, well-healed scar of the ventral lateral let forearm.
‘There isa 1” x 1" hypertrophic, hyperpigmented scar ofthe dorsal left thigh and a" x 1"
hyperpigmented, well-healed scar of the dorsal right thigh. There is a2-1" x 44" dry brown
indentation of the right lower back and a 2" x 4" dry brown indentation of the left lower back
with a2." x "area of pallor in between. There is a circumferential dark brown discoloration
of the left wrist measuring up to 4" in width,

‘There are the following professional monochromatic tattoos:
‘A spider web on the right elbow
. A skull wearing a hood on the dorsal right forearm
"Solido Nation” with comedy and tragedy masks on the lateral right upper arm
"You Can Never Feel My Pain’ written in gothic font across the clavicles
‘A skull wearing a clown nose on the lateral let upper am
"Dustin" in gothic font on the dorsal let forearm
“Solid” on the dorsal let upper arm
‘Two tear drops lateral tothe let eye

POST MORTEM REPORT Page? 0f7

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner
1 Shute Road, Farmingon, CT 06032

eg MLE [REDACTED] Altona

POST-MORTEM CHANGES:
‘There is moderate symmetrical rigor moris ofthe upper and lower extremities, neck, and jaw.
Lividity is purple, fixed, and posterior. The body is cool to the touch,

‘THERAPEUTIC PROCEDURES:

‘There are appropriately placed electrocardiograph leads

cu
‘The body is clad ina black T-shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of black sneakers, a pair of white
socks, and a blue and white Nautica brand belt with a leather end and a white metal buckle.
‘There is a yellow metal earring witha black stone on the left earlobe. There is a perforation of
‘the midline ofthe back ofthe shirt below the collar. There are white metal handeuffs cuffing the
hhands behind the back.

INJURIES:
‘There are three gunshot wounds of the head and blunt injuries ofthe head, torso, and extremities.
‘These injuries are deseribed by body region for descriptive purposes only, no sequence is

implied. All measurements are given in relation to the normal anatomic planes with the body in

the supine position.

A. Perforating Gunshot Wound of Back of Head:
Entrance: There is a gunshot entrance wound ofthe posterior right head centered 2-14"
below the top of the bead and 7" right of the midline. Its a1" x 1" punched-out wound
without abrasion, fouling, or stippling ofthe adjacent skin

‘Wound Track: After perforating the skin and soft tissues ofthe posterior right scalp, the
bullet perforates and fractures the right occipital bone, creating a" x ¥" fracture with
intemal beveling. The bullet then sequentially perforaes the right occipital, parietal, and
‘rontal lobes with marked hemorrhage along the wound track. There are fragments of
yellow and grey metal recovered along the wound track. There are contusions of the
‘White matter of the right frontal and temporal lobes, the mid brain, andthe pons.

Exit: There is a gunshot exit wound of the left forehead centered 2" below the top of the
hhead and 4" left of the midline. It is a 1-%" x % stellate wound without abrasion,
fouling, or stippling ofthe adjacent skin. It overlies a1" x #4" fracture of the right and
left frontal bones with extemal beveling. There is patchy subscalpular and subgaleal
Ihemorthage of the overlying the scalp measuring up to 3"

Course and Direction: The course and direction ofthe bullet tack is from back to front,
tight to lef, and upward

POST MORTEM REPORT Page3 of7


STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner
11 Shutle Ros, Farmington, CT 06032

a MLE [REDACTED] Alpena

B. Penetrating Gunshot Wound of Left Side of the Head:
Entrance: There isa gunshot entrance wound of the posterior left head centered 4-14"
‘below the top of the head and % let of the midline. Itis a" x 4" punched-out wound
‘without abrasion, fouling, or stippling ofthe adjacent skin. ‘There is beveled
subcutaneous tissue from the 3 o'clock tothe 8 oclock positions

Wound Track: After perforating the skin and soft tissues ofthe posterior lft head, the
bullet perforates and fractures the let occipital bone creating a %" x %" perforation with
intemal beveling and comminuted fractures of the skull measuring up to'13". The bullet
then sequentially penetrates the left occipital and parietal lobes and the brainstem. ‘There
is marked hemorrhage along the wound track. There are multiple fragments of yellow
and grey meta recovered along the wound track. Ther is no gunpowder residue along
the wound track,

Course and Direction: The course and direction of the bullet track is from back to front
with indiscernible deviation inthe anterior, superior, or lefright planes

Projectiles: Four fragments of yellow metal and seven distorted fragments of dark grey
‘metal are recovered fom the brain and the inferior brainstem,

. Graze Gunshot Wound of Posterior Left Head With Perforation of Left Ear:
‘There isan obliquely-oriented, 1-1" x ",teardrop-shaped, pink-white graze wound of
the inferior le bac of the head centered 2-14" left of the midline, 5" below the top ofthe
‘head atthe anterior end (nearest to the left ear) and 6” below the top of the head atthe
Posterior end. There are tags of skin along the edges of the wound track, which point
downward and to the right. There isa circumferential rim of iregular white abresion
‘measuring up to '/s’. There is a%" x " punched-out wound of the pinna ofthe left ear
centered 5-14" below the top ofthe head and 3-" left of the midline without abrasion,
fouling, or tippling ofthe adjacent skin. There is contusion of the posterior left ear, ‘The
course and direction of the bullet track is back to front, right fo left, and upward.

D. Blunt Injuries of Head: There is a" x" dark red laceration of the inner lower lip
centered 4" left of the midline, The right central maxillary incisor is fractured. There is
4%" x %" red abrasion of the chin centered 7-/" below the top of the head and "right
of the midline. There isa 1-1" x 4" dry, dark red abrasion of the ehin centered 7-4"
bbelow the top of the head and %" right ofthe midline. There are scant petechiae of the
Fight bulbar conjunctiva, The skin, soft tissues, and bones ofthe neck are without injury

E, Blunt Injuries of Torso: There isa 1-/" x 4" brown contusion of the right chest
There isa 1-4" x 1-4" subeutaneous hemorthage ofthe lower left back. There is patchy
‘subcutaneous hemorrhage overlying the middle of the lower back.

POST MORTEM REPORT Page 40f7


f STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner
11 Shute Road, Farmingion, CT 06032

a a ME. CASE NUMBER: [REDACTED]-apora, Alphomo

F, UPPER EXTREMITIES: There is a%" x %" red abrasion of the right elbow, a1" x
'4" red abrasion ofthe right elbow, and a 4" x red abrasion of the medial right elbow.
There isa" x 4" brown scabbed abrasion ofthe ventral lef forearm with an adjacent
44" x 4" light pink semicircular abrasion. There is patchy subcutaneous hemorrhage of
{herrght elbow; the dorsal right upper arm, and the lateral right forearm measuring up to
2°. There is subcutaneous hemorrhage ofthe left forearm measuring up to 1-1"

G. Lower Extremities: There are patchy subcutaneous hemorrhages ofthe anterior thighs,
{enees, and lower legs measuring up to 1-4". There is a" x 4" superficial linear pink
abrasion of the anterolateral right thigh

‘The injuries listed above, having been described once, will not be repeated.

INTERNAL EXAMINATION:
BODY CAVITIES: The organs are in their normal situs. The pericardial, pleural, and
Peritoneal cavities contain normal amounts of serous fluid and are without hemorrhage or
adhesion. The abdominal wall pannus is 1-4" thick.

HEAD: The brain weighs 1380 gm and is nonmal size and shape. The cerebral hemispheres
hhave the usual pattem of sulei and gyri. The leptomeninges are thin and elear. ‘The cerebral
vessels are without atherosclerosis or aneurysm. The eranial nerves are normally distributed
‘The white and grey matter, deep nucle, ventricles, brainstem, and cerebellum are unremarkable
aside from the previously described injuries.

NECK: The cervical vertebrae, hyoid bone, tracheal and laryngeal cartilages, and paratracheal
soft tissues are without trauma. ‘The upper airway is patent. The tongue is unremarkable.

CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM: The heart weighs 370 gm and has a normal distribution of
‘ight predominant coronary arteries with slight atherosclerotic stenosis of up to 10% of the left
‘anterior descending coronary artery, upto 10% of te left circumflex coronary artery, and up to
10% of the right coronary artery by eccentric yellow plaques of the intimal surface, There is no
recent thrombus. The myocardium is homogeneous, dark red, and firm without pallor,
‘hemorthage, softening, or fibrosis. The left ventricle wal is 1.5 cm thick and the right ventricle
wall is 0.5 em thick. The endocardial surfaces and four cardiac valves are unremarkable. The
‘aorta as slight atherosclerosis comprised of fatty yellow streaks of the intimal surface. The
venae cavae and pulmonary arteries are patent.

RESPIRATORY SYSTEM: The right ng weighs 460 gm and the left lung weighs 420 em.

The red-purple parenchyma is spongy and congested without masses, consolidation, or
‘obstruction. The bronchi are unremarkable,

POST MORTEM REPORT Page S of 7

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
5 Office of the Chief Medical Examiner

rte ett
ge slg ie east nastics

HEMIC AND LYMPHATIC SYSTEMS: The spleen weighs 80 gm and hasan intact, grey-
Purple, slightly wrinkled capsule, The color, red and white pulp, and consistency are
‘unremarkable. There are no enlarged lymph nodes,

Containing approximately 60 ce of yellow urine. The prostate is not enlarged. The testes are
‘unremarkable,

ENDOCRINE SYSTEM: The pituitary, thyroid, and adrenal glands are normal color, size, and
consistency.

DIGESTIVE SYSTEM: The esophagus and gastroesophageal junction are unremarkable, The
Stomach contains approximately 30 e of cloudy tan fluid without any solids, ‘The gastric
‘mucosa, small intestine, and lage intestine are unremarkable. The vermiform appendix s
unremarkable,

MUSCULOSKELETAL SYSTEM: The vertebrae, clavicles,stemum, ribs, and pelvis are
Without fracture, The musculature is normally distributed and unremarkable.

)XICOLOGY:
Blood, vitreous, urine, liver, brain, and gastric content specimens are submitted tothe State of
Connecticut Division of Scientific Services for toxicologic analysis. A separate report will be
issued,

FORENSIC BIOLOGY:

Blood, fingernail, and hair specimens are submitted to the State of Connecticut Division of
Scientific Services. A separate report will be issued.

sT-MORTEM RADIOGRAPHY:
Post-mortem radiographs are taken, examined, and retained.

PHOTOGRAPHY:
Post-mortem photographs are taken and retained,

POST MORTEM REPORT Page 6 of7

5 BC STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner

ENCE:
‘ie clothing, the yellow metal erring with black stone, the handcuffs, and the projectile
Fegments are submited to Detectives Bennett and DiCocco of the Eastem District Majer Crime
Division ofthe Connecticut State Police Force

‘This sa true stafement ofthe postmortem findings upon the body of [REDACTED]

Associate Medical Examiner
August 16,2019

cane ib destroyed 3 yar afer the dat ofthe atopy. Speclmens sen ether insta for ana one
‘subject the retention policies ofthat institution.

county oF Hasrz0RD
SeaTWor Connecticut

rear HOU
wells

"ART PUBL
coMSSON =

POST MORTEM REPORT Page of 7 Woe

=~ STATE of CONNECTICUT
DEPARTMENT of
[EMERGENCY SERVICES and PUBLIC PROTECTION
DIVISION of SCIENTIFIC SERVICES
28 Caly Srna, ro
erence Far mene

(ey Ma, PD,
Diecur LABORATORY REPORT.
This report contains the results ofthe Toxicology Unt examinations.
ema: Gregory Vinent DatectRepot September 25, 2018
ears Oca of he Chit Mees Examiner Lab.Gase # DSS-te008168 Reaves 2010
11 Shute Road Aococe Casa & 19. 134190VC/
Faminion CT osos2 il Sebel eaten ag save
Tr

tence Suomisson 04: TKOCME "Species
tem #014001: ead emer
om 074-002 vreau
a 8014-003" une

Eeute
tm 014.0%: ho
No Drags Detected
Ethanol 0.158 £0,000 9%
tam #014002: eos
Ethanol 178g 0010 9%
tar 014-009: rn
‘Specinen not analyzed
iti Sonor at oth towing wcmague wre ala Pe a We RET I

a
‘atin Peer us Chomtnpapy Man Specs Senco

am
ers ss ay as fone leweg rae EMT, EUSA 2 LMA ro ME)
‘Uaioe a1 58423 crest ry coe aetna oe

at fin te Ct a ar CME te

rans sot cto ear a Ct Tay Unt 2-47 040

‘x gmt aout sat of er anc ag oy ema ea ie seu conc he Cabe Maraperart
SS-ar-omor sand an eas CT Foenectaneeer

Biscay
Eton be etre a eS ay net Yc wl a

fey

(maton tnt dere dno ear, nf ru, oe tm he Resse Agra ch nomen hw
Serta ter fom sor rear fem eam econo,

Thar nde lowe lai syn re opty a here mare sexe pepe

eae aye ete erg ra vp ray ta a sha as oe ened wr bow be

SESE SS ee sed yt Don of Ser Sans dw Oy We RE TTR PSA SG
‘etc cont, ede cng art bee ee pla foe

Authorize of Results (Electronically Signed): =
Ane Ste Foe es toca SET CE

Pb "Soe er THECRIONAL
ober toctnod- Fon Sone sie oelll3


STATE OF CONNECTICUT }
PSTARTMENT OF EMERGENCY SERVICES sp FORCE PROnECTION
Lee

DIVISION OF state ra
BUREAU OF IDENTIFICATOR
To: Ocme Date: July 2
FARMINGTON, CT uly 28, 2019

comparison of the fingerprints on the below standards ‘has been made to
determine the number is

sxamination was performed by Connecticut State Peline Department Fingerprint
Technician 1 America Pupo-Perez :

Standard “A”
Fingerprint of Subject: Hartford, Unidentied DOB: 00/00/0000
CSPID# N/A Arrested on: N/A

Standard: Ten post mortem fingerprints (Right hand & Left hand) Sent via email
from the Office of Chief Medical Examiner on a Decedent Card
OCME Case # [REDACTED]

Standard “B”

[REDACTED] [REDACTED] 09/25/1977
CSP ID # 00686633 Arrested on: 12/12/2007

Standard: Full set of fingerprints on a State of Connecticut card with a UAR #
7044806; Fingerprints taken by Hartford Police Department, PD
Case #07051463 Aka: Tony Plummer

rae Fal me aC TO se
Michael Mounts, is STATE OF CONNECTIOUT ss: al Faroington
Paul Michael Mounts, Fingerprint Unit Supervisor codes 52

DESPP, Connecticut State Police Department ape ee
nr SE at ren aa
Y cole
Page Lot peer
Phone: (860) 685.890 Fax (460 685.8561

1111 Coty Citb Road
Midleton, CT 06457-2589
An Afrmatve Acsion/Equal Opportunity Employer

RECEIPT OF EVIDENCE/OUT
ME-1102 Revised 012016) ‘Sate of Connecticut
Office ofthe Chet Medical Examiner
1 Shutle Road, Farmington, Connecticut 06032
(860)679.3980

ME. Case No,
9.13419

Other gency Case No,

{1900358673

Teens Removed From Body OF
[REDACTED]

Receipt | Balle) Removed By (Name of Physician)
OFBullets) | Gregory A. Vincent, Medical Examines

‘On (sy

Te ‘DESCRIPTION OR BULLET MARKED
1 | 1setortiandeuts

2__| 1 Pac of lack Adidas Sneakers

3.__|1 Yellow Meta Eariog

4 _| 1 Pair of Underwear

5__| Pair or white Socks

6_| 1 Puro ic Panis

2 _| rock r-sie

8 | 1 Brown ek

9 | 11 Projectile Fragments Removed From Brin

RECEIVED | Ou (Ome) Arne) — Frm Pay
72i9__|15:40"_| Gregory Vineat, MD.
Tite Nay sa oo
Datei emilee Dicaceo | Cae Po, Eaerm (
Disc Major Crinesgad | Det.) HP 246,

‘Examiner on the date and time indicated forthe deceased named above.

[the above signed, certify that [have received the above listed iems from the Office ofthe Chie Medical

TY OF 4A" 0

Prepared by: CJL GeATE OF CONNECTIOU
COMPLETION INSTRUCTIONS

1, Complete as required, are

2. Make one copy for the Police Department.
3. Keep original for case file.


STATE OF CONNECTICUT
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner
11 Shuttle Road, Farmington, CI’ 06032

‘000 0
13419

CASE# NAM. Fels Coane Team

‘Atrson 7282018 se s000
TRA GLOWING MATERIAL WAS CoLLECTaD Patent Gozo cat oe
‘TRANSFERRED TO THE DIVISION OF SCIENTIN ae

SARTBY IN A SINGLE SEALED CONTAINER.

EVERY SECTION MUST'BE MARKED EITHER YES OR NO

Yas [NO

YES NO

BLOOD .

ERROW
TINGERNAT ca
cures MoUET

cast \
ORAL SWAB y
ORAL SMEAR i rey y
ANALSWAB t ay k
[ANALSMBAR ¥ is |
[vaanvat sw TBI
VAGINAL SI ii
CTIOOA kit wr
[emacs 7
OTHER macnn if OTHER pawn iy ea
OTHER ean f — | 3

\ 1 - -
Saas % GUNN OF rap eami
varep py:_)\ VA —— acon gi et ff

DELIVERE! ‘1 ¢ if 7
PATE TEBE oo = St
BATE OB a (Print and signature)

DSS-19-204168

WINN AYALA

Office of the Chief Medical Ex 19194196V

