CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

GENERAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.

TIMI 9270522700: tnt ne setoment and atorneys' feos are reasonable nd in coronas wi hate
Sureement Furthermore, rather than tipo this cave and incur the risks and expenses of igaion |
inst Ramos Law fo accept the negotiated setloment offer made bythe insurance company

“+ acknowledge that Ramos Law has offered to litigate this case fr me and, after an explanation ofthe risks
and benefils of tigation, Ihave opted fo accept the settlement offer made by the insurance company.

FULL — FINAL - AND COMPLETE SETTLEMENT

| understand that this is a full and final sattlement ofthe accident claim. This includes any ciaim for damages, injuries,
lost wages andlor medical bis which I now have or may ave in the futur. | understand that no future claim can be
‘made after this eetlement ie fnaized regarcess of whether any new damages, injuries, lost wages andlor mecical
bis arise or are incurred.

“+ This sottioment resolves my entire accident claim for ll time.

PAYMENT OF ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND OTHER BILLS

| acknowedge receipt ofthe above Net Amount Due Client — $9,097.02 — from Ramos Law trust account as per this
Settlement Memorandum,

instruct Ramos Law to pay the medica providers listed in the amounts shown above because there are outstanding
‘medical bls andor tens forthe care rendered. | understand that bls with these providers may be substantially higher
‘than the amounts pai, but in certain circumstances, these providers have agreed to accept a discounted rate as
payment in full. | am unaware of any valid liens or subrogation interests on my case and dispute any such liens or
‘claims other than those nated above.

‘+ Those bills not paid or otherwise negotiated by Ramos Law remain my sale responsibly to pay or otherwise
andle.

| acknowledge that there may be addtional subrogation claims by heath insurance carriers) andlor claims by other
‘medical providers and that | remain solely responsible for paying these bl. | understand that despite the best efforts
of Ramos Law to obtain al bils and amounts owed, sometimes this is dificult as my providers may not have timely
‘peated their bing amounts andlor some of my providers may not have been wenlied and may not have provided
‘any billng amounts whatsoever. As such, | understand and acknowledge that despite Ramos Law's bes efforts, any
bis remain outstanding lowe for thove ils ae they are for medical care | received.

“+ acknowledge personal responsibilty for any and all ther bls known or unknown that may be related fo this
‘case bu are not specificly sted above.

DRIER 21107 ry atoroys have ais me that recip ofseament funds coud dsqualty me
‘on fany needs based programs such as Medicaid, CICP, food stamps, fancally based housing, etc.
‘was informed that special rusts could be set up to prevent my disqualiiaton from such needs based programs.
Ramos Law has suggested that | seek adkltionallogal advice regarding this iseue before depositing andlor spending
my setlement proceeds.

1 have read and approved this entire Settlement Memorandum and acknowledge that my
ing this matter have been answered to my satisfaction.

Date a
