BOARD OF MEDICOLEGAL INVESTIGATIONS                                 OFFICE USE ONLY
               OFFICE OF THE CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER                                  Re           Co
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I hereby certify that this is a true
                                    Central Office                                         Eastern Division                                                  and correct copy of the original
                              921 N.E. 23rd St                                  1115 West 17th Street                                                document.  Valid only when copy
                             Oklahoma City, OK 73105                               Tulsa, Oklahoma 74107                                                 bears imprint of the office seal.
                                    (405) 239-7141 Phone  - (405) 239-2430 Fax           (918) 295-3400 Phone - (918) 585-1549 Fax
                                                                                                                                     By
          REPORT OF INVESTIGATION BY MEDICAL EXAMINER                                Date
DECEDENT First-Middle-Last Names (Please avoid use of initials)             Age                          Birth Date       Race          Sex
JOHN MARION GRANT                                               60                           4/12/1961   BLACK      M
HOME ADDRESS - No. - Street, City, State
1301 NORTH WEST STREET, MCALESTER, OK
 EXAMINER NOTIFIED BY - NAME - TITLE (AGENCY, INSTITUTION, OR ADDRESS)                                           DATE         TIME
 JAMES HUNTER - AGENT IN CHARGE - OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL                                               10/28/2021      15:30
 INJURED OR BECAME ILL AT (ADDRESS)                       CITY              COUNTY          TYPE OF PREMISES    DATE         TIME
                                                                                                                                        3                      10/28/2021 1301 NORTH WEST STREET                         MCALESTER      PITTSBURG    ENAL INSTITUTIOt'-                           ll~CMUO~
 LOCATION OF DEATH                                       CITY              COUNTY          TYPE OF PREMISES    DATE          TIME
 1301 NORTH WEST STREET                         MCALESTER      PITTSBURG        PENAL          10/28/2021      16:21
                                                                                                                          INSTITI  ITION
 BODY VIEWED BY MEDICAL EXAMINER                        CITY              COUNTY          TYPE OF PREMISES    DATE          TIME
 1115 WEST 17TH STREET                              TULSA          TULSA      AUTOPSY SUITE     10/29/2021       9:20
 TRANSPORTATION INJURY   D DRIVER  0  PASSENGER O PEDESTRIAN
 TYPE OF VEHICLE:             0 AUTOMOBILE   0 LIGHT TRLCK   0 HEAVY TRLCK  O BICYCLE O MOTORCYCLE O OTHER: ______            _
 DESCRIPTION OF BODY   RIGOR             LIVOR                  EXTERNAL OBSERVATION                      NOSE  MOUTH  EARS
               Jaw   ~Complete  ~   Color  PINK-PURPLE    Beard STUBBLE               Hair  GRY-WHT          BLOOD □  □  □ EXTERNAL
  PHYSICAL      Neck ~ Absent  □   Lateral □            Eyes: Color BROWN         Mustache STUBBLE        OTHER □  □  □
 EXAMINATION  Arms ~ Passing  □   Posterior ~             Opacities
                 Legs                                                                                   Pupils:  R ~   L~            0 Passed  □                                                     Anterior D
                        Decomposed 0    Regional               Body Length  701N        Body Weight
Significant observations and injury documentations - (Please use space below)
JUDICIAL EXECUTION BY LETHAL INJECTION
Probable Cause of Death:                                                      Manner of Death:       Case disposition:
JUDICIAL EXECUTION BY LETHAL INJECTION                                                                                                  Natural  O   AccidentO     Autopsy      _Y_E_S_______           _
                                                                                                                                                Authorize.:! by   IE.REMY SHEi ION M D                                                                                                 Suicide O   Homicide~
                                                                                                                                       Pathologist    JEREMY SHELTON M.D.                                                                            Unknown D   Pending 0                                                                                                                     Not a medical examiner case D
Other significant conditions contributing to death (but not resulting in the underlying cause given)
                                                                                                                I hereby state that, after receiving notice of the death described herein, I MEDICAL EXAMINER:                                                             conducted an investigation as to the cause and manner of death, as required by Name, and Address:
                                                                      law, and that the facts contained herein regarding such death are true and correct
                                                                          to the best of my knowledge. JEREMY SHEL TON M.D.
 1115 W 17th Street                                                                                                               10/28/2021
 Tulsa, OK 74107                                                                                                                                           Date Case Initiated
                                                                                         Signature of Medical                            JEREMY SHEL TON MD.      1/24/2022
                                                                             Computer generated report
                                                                                                                                                                Date Case Finalize
              CIJE.1 (REV7•19)
 Case Number: 2107045                                                                                         Page 1 of 1
Board of Medicolegal Investigations               CERTCFICATION
                               Office of the Chief Medical Examiner                      trueI herebyand certifycoJTeCtthatcopythisofdocumentthe origil\alis a
                                             1115 West 17th Street                                      document.   Valid  only when copy                                                                                                                                                                      bears imprint of the cffice seal.
                                                     Tulsa, Oklahoma 74107
                                                   (918) 295-3400 Phone                              By_____               _
                                                     (918) 585-1549 Fax                                           Date._____                 _
             REPORT OF AUTOPSY
Decedent                                   Age         Birth Date     Race      Sex                      Case No
JOHN MARION GRANT             60        4/12/1961  BL  M               2107045
ID By                                                                                  Authority for Autopsy
FINGERPRINT COMPARISON                        JEREMY SHELTON M.D.
Present nt Autopsy
SARAH CAMPBELL 1 GENA FLOYD 1 JEREMY SHELTON 1 M.D.
                 PATHOLOGICAL DIAGNOSIS
I.      Judicial execution by lethal injection
      A.     Right and left antecubital fossae venipuncture sites demonstrate intraluminal catheter
              placement
                 1.    Empty drug syringes and infusion equipment retained and submitted as evidence
       B.    Midazolam (2200 ng/mL) present in femoral blood
       C.    The presence of vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride cannot be reliably detected
               and/or quantitated by routine toxicological analysis
II.     Congestion and cyanosis of the head and neck with bilateral ocular petechial hemorrhages
III.   Pulmonary
      A.    Heavy lungs (combined lung weight, 1390 grams) with edema, congestion, and mild
             emphysematous changes
       B.     Tracheobronchial aspiration of gastric contents
IV.    Hypertensive atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease
      A.    Mild cardiomegaly ( 440 grams) with concentric left ventricular hype1trophy ( 1.5 cm),
                 right atrioventricular dilatation, and histologically demonstrable myocyte hypertrophy
       B.     Atherosclerotic coronary artery disease: 70-80% stenosis of left anterior descending artery;
            20-30% stenosis ofright coronary artery
       C.     Aortic and cerebrovascular atherosclerosis
V.    Low-grade cartilaginous neoplasm of left femur (6.5 cm in greatest dimension)
VI.    Non-lethal injuries: abrasion of right elbow; intramuscular hemorrhage of tongue
VII.  Remaining toxicology: alprazolam (less than 25 ng/mL) present in femoral blood consistent with
       rep01ted history of recent administration
CAUSE OF DEATH:    JUDICIAL EXECUTION BY LETHAL INJECTION
MANNER OF DEATH:  HOMICIDE
The facts stated herein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
                                         OCME Eastern Division       10/29/2021 9:20 AM
JEREMY SHEL TON, M.D.          Pathologist                                   Location of Autopsy            Date and Time of Autopsy
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                    PAGEl2
            MEDICOLEGAL INVESTIGATION
CIRCUMSTANCES OF DEATH:
Received for autopsy examination is the body of a 60-year-old man who was pronounced deceased
following judicial execution by lethal drug injection.
AUTHORIZATION:
The postmortem examination  is performed under the authorization of the Office of the Chief Medical
Examiner, Eastern Division, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
IDENTIFICATION:
The body is identified scientifically through fingerprint comparison.
            POSTMORTEM EXAMINATION
The postmortem examination of John Marion Grant is performed at the Office of the Chief Medical
Examiner, Eastern Division, Tulsa, Oklahoma. Blue seal #1806609 is removed on 10/28/2021 at 1912
hours and the body bag is opened. Percutaneous blood samples are obtained from the right and left femoral
vasculature on 10/28/2021 at 1922 hours and 1926 hours, respectively. A cardiorespiratory rhythm tracing
strip is photographed and packaged as evidence. The body bag is subsequently re-sealed with blue tag
#0655661 on 10/28/2021 at 1951 hours.
Following overnight refrigeration, blue tag #0655661 is removed at 0920 hours on 10/29/2021 to reveal the
body of a well-developed, well-nourished black adult male, weighing 222 pounds, measuring 70 inches in
height, and appearing to be consistent with the stated age.
CLOTHING AND PERSONAL EFFECTS:
The decedent is clad in:
      • Gray shirt
      • Gray pants
      • Gray underwear
      • Black shoes
Personal effects include:
      • Brown plastic eyeglasses
EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:
The temperature of the body is cool to the touch. Rigor mortis is fully developed. Blanching pink-purple
livor mortis is evident over the posterior parts of the body, except in areas exposed to pressure, where it is
absent.
The skin is of normal pliability and texture.
The head shows congestion and cyanosis. The scalp hair is gray-white, of a very short length, and shows
frontal balding. The face shows gray-white stubble in a beard and mustache distribllltion. The irides are
brown. There is edema of the right and left bulbar conjunctivae, and multiple petechial hemorrhages of the
right and left bulbar and palpebral conjunctivae. The corneas are transparent. The pupils measure 4 mm,
bilaterally, and show slight leukocoria. The left earlobe shows a healed piercing. The ears, nose, and
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                    PAGEl3
mouth are free oflesions.  There is vomitus within the bilateral nares and oral cavity. The mouth is
edentulous. The lingual frenulum, and the upper and lower orolabial frenulae, are intact. The oral mucosa
is free of petechiae.
The neck is symmetrical and shows congestion and cyanosis. No increased mobility on manipulation is
detected.
The chest is symmetrical. There are striae of the right and left upper lateral chest. The breasts are of
normal adult male configuration with no palpable masses.
The abdomen is soft and free of distension. There is 0.5 x 0.4 cm soft brown papule of the left lower
abdomen.
The back is symmetrical and unremarkable.
The external genitalia are of normal adult male conformation with no external lesions.
The extremities  are symmetrical.  There is a rounded 0.3 cm crusted tan-brown papule of the distal anterior
left lower leg.
POSTMORTEM RADIOGRAPHY:
Postmortem radiography shows no evidence of acute fracture or retained radiopaque projectile. There is
lobulated medullary lesion of the metaphyseal region of the distal left femur. The diaphragm appears
elevated.
IDENTIFYING MARKS AND SCARS:
Tattoos:
      • Mid lateral right upper arm: Monochromatic tattoo design with lettering, 6 x 5 cm
Scars:
      •  Distal anterior right upper am1: Transverse linear scar, 3 x 0.3 cm
      •  Distal medial right upper arm: Ovoid scar, 3 x 1 cm
      • Proximal dorsal left forearm: Ovoid scar, 0. 7 x 0.5 cm
EVIDENCE OF LETHAL INJECTION:
There is a pulse oximetry sensor on the right index finger. Electrodes with attached lead wires are seen on
the right and left chest, and the left abdomen. Examination of right and left antecubital venipuncture sites
is described below.
Right upper extremity·
There is a percutaneous catheter of the right antecubital fossa that is held in place with a transparent
adhesive dressing and strips of medical tape. Attached to the catheter is a segment of tubing that displays
red intraluminal fluid. There is a piece of yellow tape affixed to the external surface of the tubing.
With the percutaneous catheter still secured in place, dissection of the adjacent skin and subcutaneous fat
demonstrates that the catheter is within the lumen of the right cephalic vein. There is scant hemorrhage of
the subcutaneous adipose surrounding the venipuncture site.
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                    PAGEl4
Left upper extremity:
There is a percutaneous catheter of the left antecubital fossa that is held in place with a transparent
adhesive dressing and strips of medical tape. Attached to the catheter is a segment of tubing that displays
intraluminal foci of red fluid. There is a piece of green tape affixed to the external surface of the tubing.
With the percutaneous catheter still secured in place, dissection of the adjacent skin and subcutaneous fat
demonstrates that the catheter is within the lumen of the left basilic vein. There is scant hemorrhage of the
subcutaneous adipose surrounding the venipuncture site.
EVIDENCE SUBMITTED AT AUTOPSY:
     •   Cardiorespiratory tracing strip and bag
     •   Eyeglasses
     •   Right chest electrode and lead wire
     •   Left chest electrode and lead wire
     •   Left abdomen electrode and lead wire
     •   Pulse oximeter sensor
     •   Shirt
     •  Underwear
     •   Pants
     •  Shoes
     •   Fingernail swabs from right and left hands
     •  Swabs from oral cavity and rectum
     •   Hair from scalp, face, and pubic region
     •   Item #1 bag and its contents (listed below)
         o   Plastic syringe, green label lA, 250 mg midazolam
         o   Plastic syringe, green label 2A, 250 mg midazolam
         o   Plastic syringe, black label 3A, 60 mL heparin/saline
         o   Plastic syringe, yellow label 4A, 50 mg vecuronium
         o   Plastic syringe, yellow label 5A, 50 mg vecuronium
         o   Plastic syringe, black label 6A, 60 mL heparin/saline
         o   Plastic syringe, red label 7 A, 120 mEq potassium chloride
         o   Plastic syringe, red label 8A, 120 mEq potassium chloride
         o   Plastic syringe, black label 9A, 250 mg 60 mL heparin/saline
     •   Item #2 bag and its contents (listed below)
         o  0.9% sodium chloride bag with attached tubing and green tape
     •   Item bag #3 and its contents (listed below)
         o  0.9% sodium chloride bag with attached tubing and yellow tape
         o  Infusion manifold
     •   Item #4 bag and its contents (listed below)
         o  Infusion manifold
     •   Left antecubital catheter with tubing and green tape
     •   Right antecubital catheter with tubing and yellow tape
     •  Blood DNA card
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                  PAGEJ5
EVIDENCE OF RECENT INJURY:
I.    BLUNT FORCE INJURIES
      A.    Tongue, distal: intramuscular hemorrhage, 2.5 x 2.5 x 1 cm
       B.     Right elbow: Red-brown abrasion, 1 x 1 cm
The above injuries are ordered for convenience, without regard to chronology. The above injuries, once
stated, will not be repeated below.
INTERNAL EXAMINATION:
The body is opened by a "Y" shaped incision. The viscera of the thoracic and abdominal cavities occupy
their normal sites. The serous surfaces are smooth and glistening. Each pleural cavity is moist. The
peritoneal cavity is moist. The domes of the diaphragm are normally positioned. The margins of the liver
and spleen are in proper relationship  to their costal margins.
CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM:
The heart weighs 440 grams. The pericardium is smooth and contains 5 mL of serous fluid. The epicardial
surface is smooth. There is a normal amount of epicardial fat. The external configuration of the heart is
unremarkable. The right atrioventricular chambers are dilated and the left heart chambers are of normal
size. The right ventricle is 0.2 cm thick, the left ventricle is 1.5 cm thick, and the interventricular septum is
1.5 cm thick. The endocardium and valve leaflets are smooth, thin, pliable, and unremarkable. The
circumferences of the valves are as follows: tricuspid valve= 14 cm; pulmonic valve= 8.5 cm; mitral
valve= 10.5 cm; and ao1tic valve= 7.5 cm. The coronary arteries have a normal distiibution with a right
predominance. The right and left coronary ostia are normal in patency. Multiple cross-sections of the
coronary arteries display foci of atheromatous narrowing with up to 70-80% stenosis of the mid left
anterior descending coronary artery and up to 20-30% stenosis of the mid right coronary artery. The
myocardium is of the usual consistency, red-brown, and unremai·kable.
The aorta is lined by tan-yellow endothelium with lipid streaks and uncomplicated atheromatous plaques,
distally.
The venae cavae are unremarkable.
RESPIRATORY SYSTEM:
The tracheal mucosa is tan-pink-red, smooth, glistening, and congested. There is patchy vomitus within
the airway extending to the bilateral mainstem bronchi at which point there  is a transition to tan-white froth
that extends into the intraparenchymal bronchi and bronchioles. The right lung weighs 690 grams and the
left lung weighs 700 grams. The pleurae are smooth, delicate, glistening, and mottled with a trace amount
of anthracotic pigment. The lungs are mildly distended and are variegate pink-purple in color. The lung
tissue is red-pink, showing diffuse edema and congestion. The pulmonary arteries and veins exhibit no
pathological change.
HEPA TO BILIARY SYSTEM:
The liver weighs 1940 grams. The capsule is smooth and glistening. The external surface is glistening and
red-brown. The parenchyma is of usual consistency and red-brown with the usual lobular architecture.
The gallbladder has a smooth mucosa and contains 5 mL of bile. The wall is thin and the mucosa is red-
brown, velvety, and bile-stained. No stones are present.
HEMOL YMPHATIC SYSTEM:
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                   PAGEl6
The spleen weighs 150 grams and is of usual consistency. The capsule is intact and smooth. The internal
parenchyma is red-brown and free oflesion.
There are no enlarged lymph nodes identified.
GASTROINTESTINAL SYSTEM:
The esophagus is patent and shows smooth tan-pink mucosa with multiple petechial hemorrhages of the
upper esophagus. The stomach contains 300 mL of tan-brown fluid with admixed apparent food
fragments. The stomach mucosa shows the usual rugal folds and patchy red-pink mucosa] congestion. The
remainder of the gastrointestinal system is unremarkable. The appendix is identified and is unremarkable.
PANCREAS:
The pancreas is normally lobulated. The parenchyma is soft, red-pink, and congested.
GENITOURINARY SYSTEM:
The kidneys are in the usual position and without malformation. The right kidney weighs 160 grams and
the left kidney weighs 180 grams. The capsules strip easily, revealing smooth and glistening cortical
surfaces with scattered irregular depressed scars. There is a 1.5 x 1.5 x 1.2 cm left renal cmtical cyst. The
cortico-medullary junctions are well-defined with cortices that measure 0.5 cm in thickness. The medullae
are unremarkable. The calyceal and collection systems are unremarkable. The ureters, renal arteries, and
veins are unremarkable.
The bladder contains 45 mL of clear yellow urine. The mucosa is pink-tan and unremarkable. The ureteral
orifices are patent.
The prostate weighs 90 grams. The tissue of the prostate is lobulated, tan, and rubbery. The seminal
vesicles are normal in appearance.  Bilateral periprostatic phleboliths are present.
The testes are both present within the scrotal sac. The parenchyma is unremarkable.
ADRENAL GLANDS:
Both adrenals are of the usual size and shape. The right adrenal gland weighs 5.5 grams and the left
adrenal gland weighs 6 grams. The glands fragment with gentle manipulation and display cut surfaces with
a thin yellow cortex and brown-gray medulla.
MUSCULOSKELETALSYSTEM:
The distal left femur is bisected to reveal a 6.5 x 2 x 1.5 cm variegate intramedullary lesion showing firm
tan-gray lobular areas intermixed with red-brown palpably soft areas and apparent foci of early endosteal
cortical erosion. The remaining axial and appendicular skeleton shows no abnormalities. The exposed
musculature is unremarkable.
NECK:
The soft tissues of the neck, thyroid and cricoid cartilages, and hyoid bone are unremarkable. The larynx
shows smooth tan mucosa with multiple petechial hemorrhages. The larynx is free of obstruction and
shows scant intraluminal vomitus. The thyroid gland is enlarged, weighing 80 grams. The thyoid
glandular parenchyma is red-brown and homogeneous. The neck is examined at the conclusion of the
autopsy, after the blood has drained and the tissues are dry. Anterior neck strap muscle dissection reveals
no muscular injury. Dissection of the posterior neck and upper back musculature reveals congestion of the
bilateral deep thoracic paraspinal muscles without evidence of focal injury. The cervical spine is intact.
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                  PAGEJ7
CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM:
The scalp is reflected from mastoid process to mastoid process, revealing no subgaleal hemorrhages. The
calvarium is intact. The dura is white. There is no evidence of epidural or subdural hemorrhages. The
brain weighs 1350 grams. The convexities of the cerebral hemispheres are symmetrical and show minimal
swelling. The leptomeninges are thin and transparent. The subarachnoid space does not contain any
hemorrhage. The gyri occupy their usual position and the sulci exhibit a normal depth. There is no
evidence of subfalcial, uncal, or cerebellar tonsillar herniation present. The major cerebral arteries show no
patchy non-occlusive atheromata. The roots of the cranial nerves are umemarkable.  Serial coronal
sections through the cerebral hemispheres show a grossly normal cortical ribbon and underlying white
matter. The basal ganglia and diencephalon show no gross abnormalities.  Serial cross sections through the
brainstcm and sagittal sections through the cerebellum  fail to show any gross lesions or abnormalities.  The
ventricular system is symmetrical and of normal size and configuration.  After removal of the brain and
dura, the base of the skull does not demonstrate any fractures. The pituitary gland is unremarkable.
             MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION
Microscopic description:
        Left antecubital fossa venipuncture site: There is an apparent focal epidermal defect and   •
        extravasated erythrocytes seen in the underlying dermis and perivascular subcutaneous soft tissue.
       Rare amorphous acellular translucent refractile and polarizable debris is present in the dermis.
   •  Right antecubital fossa venipuncture site: There are extravasated erythrocytes in the dermis and
        perivascular subcutaneous soft tissue.
   •  Trachea: There is mild mucosal edema with focal mucosa! and submucosal erythrocyte
        extravasation.
       Kidneys: There are occasional scattered globally sclerosed glomeruli, patchy foci of interstitial   •
       chronic inflammation, arterial / arteriolar hyperplastic changes, and perivascular foci of erythrocyte
        extravasation.
   •  Adrenal glands: No significant histopathologic changes .
       Pancreas: Autolytic change without evidence of significant histopathology .   •
       Lungs: Occasional alveolar spaces demonstrate filling with pale pink homogenous acellular   •
        material. There are intra-alveolar macrophage clusters, scattered bacterial colonies without an
      accompanying inflammatory infiltrate, and mild enlargement of subpleural alveoli. There is
         interstitial vascular congestion with patchy carbonaceous pigment deposition. No significant
        polarizable debris is appreciated.
   •  Heart: The myocardium demonstrates scattered cardiac myocytes with mild hypertrophic changes .
       Coronary arterial cross sections show marked luminal narrowing by atheromatous plaque without
       evidence of plaque rupture, thrombosis, or occlusion.
        Liver: Portal triads show minimal expansion with a lymphoid infiltrate. There is macrovesicular   •
        steatosis of a small sub-population ofhepatocytes  (less than 10%). Sinusoidal congestion is
        present.
   •   Spleen: No significant histopathologic changes .
   •   Brain: There is patchy mineralization of the choroid plexus and subpial corpora amylacea
        deposition. A superficial artery demonstrates atheromatous luminal narrowing without plaque
        rupture, thrombosis, or occlusion.
       Thyroid gland: No significant histopathologic changes .   •
   •  Tongue: There is erythrocyte extravasation showing dissection of the musculature .
   •   Left thoracic paraspinal musculature: There is interstitial extravasation of erythrocytes .
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                  PAGE!8
     •   Distal left femur: There is a tumor comprised of multiple interwoven islands of cartilage showing
      low to moderate overall cellularity with foci of calcification and osseous encasement.
       Chondrocytes show occasional foci of clustering, mild atypia, and occasional binucleate forms.
      The background marrow shows small osseous and chondro-osseous elements, amphophilic
       chondroid matrix, extravasated erythrocytes, and adipose.
CassetteIist·
    1.  Skin and vascular subcutaneous soft tissue, left antecubital fossa venipuncture site
    2.  Skin and vascular subcutaneous soft tissue, right antecubital fossa venipuncture site
    3.  Trachea, mid portion
    4.  Right kidney and right adrenal gland
    5.  Left kidney and left adrenal gland
    6.  Pancreas; right upper lung lobe
    7.  Right middle lung lobe; heart, left ventricular myocardium
    8.  Right lower lung lobe; heart, interventricular septa! myocardium
    9.  Left upper lung lobe; heart, right ventricular myocardium
    10. Left lower lung lobe; left anterior descending coronary artery
    11. Spleen; liver
    12. Brain, left temporal lobe
    13. Thyroid gland; tongue
    14. Left thoracic paraspinal musculature
    15. Distal left femur
    16. Distal left femur
                  MICROBIOLOGY
     •  Nasopharyngeal swab, coronavi.rus (COVID-19) assay: SARS-Co V-2 not detected
     •  Nasopharyngeal swab, respiratory pathogen panel: Pathogen not detected
                   TOXICOLOGY
Representative samples obtained for toxicological examination include the following: right and left
ventricular heait blood, right and left femoral blood, right and left subclavian blood, vitreous humor, urine,
liver tissue, brain tissue, gastric contents, bile, and psoas muscle. See separate toxicology report for fwther
description.
CASE NO. 2107045                                                                   PAGEl9
                       OPINION
       John Marion Grant, a 60-year-old male, died as a result of judicial execution by lethal injection.
MANNER OF DEATH: HOMICIDE
The opinion as to the cause and manner of death is based on the information available at the date of this
report. If additional objective, probative information becomes available, I reserve the right to consider such
information, and if appropriate, amend the repo1t, including the cause and manner of death.
                                             ~ELTON,M.D.
OFFICE USE ONLY
                       BOARD OF MEDICOLEGAL INVESTIGATIONS
                                                                                                                   Re.       Co.
                           OFFICE OF THE CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I hereby certify that this is a true
                                                      921 N.E. 23rd St                                         and correct copy of lhe original
                                                 Oklahoma City, OK 73105                                      document. Valid only when copy                                                                                                                                       bear im~prinlby the officeseal.
                          REPORT OF LABORATORY ANALYSIS                 By ______          _
                                                                                                                                       Date _____            _
ME CASE NUMBER:  2107045                                   LABORATORY NUMBER:  215451
DECEDENT'S NAME:   JOHN MARION GRANT                       DATE RECEIVED:           11/1/2021
MATERIAL SUBMITTED:  BLOOD, VITREOUS, URINE, LIVER, BRAIN,        HOLD STATUS:  5 YEARS
                     GASTRIC, BILE, MUSCLE
 SUBMITTED BY:   SARAH CAMPBELL                             MEDICAL EXAMINER:  JEREMY SHEL TON M.D.
WIES;
ETHYLAl COHQI•
    Blood:     Not Performed
    Vitreous:
    Other:
 G8BBQNMQNQXIQE
    Blood:
TESTSPERFQRIMFQ·
    ALKALINE DRUG SCREEN - (Heart Blood)
   BENZODIAZEPINES BY LCMS - (Heart Blood)
    EIA- (Femoral Blood) -Amphetamine, Methamphetamine, Fentanyl, Cocaine, Opiates, PCP, Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines
     (The EIA panel does not detect Oxycodone, Methadone, or Clonazepam)
 BESl II JS·
   ALPRAZOLAM
     POSITIVE - (Less than 25 ng/mL) - (Femoral Blood)
   MIDAZOLAM
     2200 ng/ml  - (Femoral Blood)
 01/06/2022
 DATE                                            JESSE KEMP, Ph.D., D-ABFT-FT, Chief Forensic Toxicologist